---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2012-05-15T10:54:43Z"
long: true
tags:
- prosec
- th3j35t3r
- jester
- hacker
- teamjester
title: 'th3j35t3r: Was it really that tough to figure out?'
---

I've been watching the tweets of [@cubespherical][1] with a sense of irony in the
back of my mind. The story is so far fetched, the monetary goal beyond
ridiculous. I won't present a whole lot of reference material in this post, it's
merely an insomniac's rant. However, read through and you just might agree with
a few of my points.

First and foremost, if you've kept up with [@th3j35t3r][2]'s (now defunct)
twitter account, you've seen "a certain writing style". What's more, if you've
used IRC at all in places he has been known to lurk, you've seen a few writing
styles. I've seen jester's writing style jump from proper capitalization to
apropos internet junkie shorthand. Either this guy has MPD, or he's a fucking
SE *master*. Then again, there is a more likely explanation, one that's been put
forth on the internet but actually disregarded. It's quite likely jester *does*
have MPD, in that the identity is/was comprised of several individuals. The
identity amounted to no more than a puppet of several people with a common goal.

Jester has had quite a few OPs come and go, but there are a handful of
individuals he was "closest to", despite their deflection of such attachment.
Alan Everett, Ed Williams, Robin Jackson, to name a few. These people were all
vehement proponents of "th3j35t3r" at one time or another, or have continued to
be.

My proposal is this: Quite a few of the past jester dox were actually correct. Not
just one, but several. This @cubespherical nonsense is their way of closing up
shop and shutting down this perfunctory little operation, as it has largely lost
meaning and become overly tedious. After all, claiming jester to be a single
identity is a decent way of covering the asses of the many people involved.

So pick through the past jester dox, figure out those who have had close ties or
were at one time channel operators (whether they defected or not, I'm looking at
you Crypt/Reaper), and you'll likely have a positive identity behind @th3j35t3r.
As for the goals this group intended, I can't say exactly. Fame? Notoriety? The
only thing that makes sense is that they used the "Anti-jihad" fight to
perpetuate pro-Western propaganda, and later on to fuel the "Anti-Anonymous"
movement. Were these people paid? Were they part of some government program?
Well, @cubespherical fully intends to fog history and ensure we'll never get the
answer we crave.

To be honest, I don't give a rat's ass. The answer was in our faces the entire
time, but only a handful cared to look. Well, screw you guys, I'm going to try
to go to bed now. Getting this off my chest might help me sleep a bit better.

_**EDIT:** It's also quite likely that the people who were puppetting jester
originally ceased to do so as they were doxed as jester, slowly eliminating
individuals until the last one was left, "CryptKper / Reaper" (Alan Everett),
who so handily "defected" from jester's graces. He is most likely the last
person to have handled the account and manifest the @cubespherical drama as well
as reapersec/jester tension himself. Just pointing it out, people. It's all too
convenient and makes the most sense, not to mention protects him from all those
"awful people with towels on their heads", as he may quip most jovial._

[1]: http://twitter.com/#!/cubespherical
[2]: http://twitter.com/#!/th3j35t3r
