---
comments: true
date: "2012-12-05T14:29:45Z"
tags:
- irritation
title: The Blame Game
---

Something has been irritating me for some time. Some community-college
jackass has decidedly ascertained that all I'm capable of is "The Blame
Game", and can't see where I go wrong in situations. Well, I'm writing
this to prove him wrong. Here goes.

I accept blame for the mistake I've made. I accept that I screwed up
momentously in being with someone I didn't much actually care for, who
ended up turning into a horrible and manipulative human being, and I
accept that I'm punished now for my terrible mistake. I realize that
whatever ridiculous laziness caused me to not leave her after the first
year I found myself miserable is entirely my fault. I accept that
responsibility. My own misery in that situation was what caused me to
beg her to postpone indefinitely us having children, because I really
didn't enjoy her company as much as a mate should. She was irritating,
belligerent, controlling, and cared only for herself and her own
comfort. My immediate response was always to look out for my own best
interests and eschew her entirely, which I was always blamed for.

So, there you have it. I accept responsibility for my lot in life. I did
it. I chose what I thought was a mediocre person to settle for and wound
up finding a "worst case scenario" partner, and even worse ex.

The only thing I bemoan is the effects her actions have upon my
daughter. It seems she also wants to destroy my family, but she has no
power to do so. I love my partner and my children, and no bitter soul in
the world can harm my family. On the whole, I'm completely disgusted by
the people who look at things she does in agreement. In the very least,
those people are the ones who are easiest to cut out of my life forever-
they never meant anything to me if they're capable of that.
