---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2012-02-21T13:29:00Z"
tags:
- rant
- economy
title: Deadlines
---

The internet is a bizarre place. It seems to have consumed most of the social
interaction we would generally take for granted before the era of Twitter and
Facebook. While it did overpower certain roles, it still by no means adequately
replaces them all. Job hunting is more painful now than it's ever been. Job
applications are typically riddled with questionaires that take an hour to
complete while you typically find that the company won't call you back. Things
are desperate, and it's not easily remedied. I'm going to be heading to Kinkos
to run off at least twenty copies of my resume. I intend to drive everywhere
within a twenty mile radius in the hunt for a job, because I have no choice.
I've applied in person and online for over a year, and the only times I've ever
been called back have usually involved applications in person, albeit they've
been incredibly rare no matter what. Things are rough, and I don't think it's
possible to understand unless you're actually jobless and struggling. I forecast
prostitution to rise significantly once most of the UIA benefits run out for our
10% unemployed. Drug sales and abuse will probably spike as well. All while
Obamacare drains what's left of a once-powerful healthcare empire that's limping
along with minimal staff and overpaid executives. I simply don't see any
plausible fixes in the near or distant future. We have a population that
consists primarily of blue collar laborers, who are wholly unable to sustain
themselves with blue collar jobs. Hell, I don't know. Things just look bleak.
Neither Obama nor some up-and-coming Republican are going to fix the immense
problems we're already experiencing. Don't get me started on what's to come. I
just hope the government still has funds to subsidize soup kitchen centers,
housing for the homeless, and other programs that will sustain 20% of the
population in the next twenty years. If not, there will be many dead.

If you find the things I say to be incorrect or incendiary- welcome to the
blogosphere.

