---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2012-07-18T10:23:00Z"
tags:
- trolls
- anonymous
- infosec
title: 'Trollercaust: Save the Celebrations'
---

Sleepless, tired, sleepless, tired. I think I've managed to smash those words
together rather well with my currently screwed up schedule. Alternating between
the two is making me rather... Irritable. I'm unable to make good use of the
time I'm capable of finding, mostly because I'm too exhausted just as soon as it
floats my way.

Blogging aids and abets what little sanity that's able to manage the minefield
that is my brain. Cognition beyond the simplest thoughts- No, rarely may I
ascend beyond my own plane. Instead, I'm forced to watch all manner of pig smash
words together in faux-English and pretend he's a higher order animal. Twitter
is the favorite, these days, of such swine. Trolls, they like to call
themselves. They pretend they know things about social engineering. Condemning
works does not equate to engineering. Engineering requires thought, requires
building things. Not burning bridges. Yet these condescending assholes burn
bridges, taunt, provoke, and when all else fails they flail their arms and
scream loudly, "Victim! I'm being victimized! People are harassing me and my
children!" No.

Karma does exist. If you're afraid to sleep at night, it's not unwarranted. If
you're harassed by every online acquaintance you meet, it ought to be expected.
If you've trusted the wrong person- Well, I guess it goes to show that you
either have to scrutinize more or trust less.

It's sad how so many of these imbecilic trolls spew such hate for Wikileaks and
Julian Assange, totally ignoring the mass corruption of the very government they
claim to protect. Protection of government is giving it a thorough weeding,
occasionally. It's long overdue. These trolls are simply prolonging the
inevitable with their campaign of redundant idiocy.

I can only hope Hubris has truly defected, otherwise not even those with brain
cells left sparking are capable of escaping the sway of retardation.

Then again, one can only imagine the information that might pass his hands if he
were still "fighting the good fight against Anonymous", secretly, with his
"former" affiliate...

Also, Mr. Terban: Your writing is terrible. Mine is pretty poor, but somehow
yours looks worse compared to my own. Could you please wise up or shut up?
Thanks.
