---
comments: true
date: "2013-03-27T20:21:49Z"
tags:
- hiatus
title: Back For the Moment
---

I've been away for a while, it seems. A long while. A few things have
changed, but most haven't. Idiots will be idiots. People who feed off
of idiots will always take great amounts of pleasure from feeding off
their weaker prey. This is likely how things will be until the day we
die.

Here's a look back at a few things that have happened.

Aaron Swartz took his own life after being handed a ridiculous
judgement. No lawyer in the world can protect you when you're coming
up against serious money. He never actually committed any crimes, he
only did extraordinary things. The extraordinary things he did earned
him a place in the crosshairs of rather rich individuals.

Andrew Auernheimer was sentenced to 41 months for pointing out to AT&T
their own shortcomings. "Weev", as he's known, was not so idealistic
as Swartz and realized early on that the weak - no matter how
intelligent they may be - shall always serve as the foot stools of
high society.

Bradley Manning is still serving a ridiculous sentence without trial.
His 1000 day anniversary passed several moons ago, and from what I
hear, all of the government is happily dragging it's feet on putting
him in prison unjustly for the rest of his natural life. Our modern
Ellsberg will rot in prison, a sure sign of what's to come.

Last, but most important of all, the due date of my first son's birth
has come and passed. He was supposed to have shown his face to the
world on March 20th, 2013. He has yet to be born, the stubborn little
ass. Seven days later, and he's already proving to be as much a
slacker as his father.

That little shit is going to be grounded, provided he's not too cute
to escape a good grounding.
