---
comments: true
date: "2014-03-14T10:50:00Z"
tags:
- religion
title: Religion and Me
---

I have two problems. I have a religious person trying to tell me that I
don't live by a book I don't care about. I have a non-religious person
trying to criticize me for living by a book they don't live by. I also
have a serious anger problem that I likely learned from the
non-religious person. Whenever I'm hurt by people I become completely
unhinged. I've been like this as long as I can remember. I never get
physical. I just say so many hurtful, regrettable things. I know my
mother regrets things she says because I regret things I say. I'm always
sorry for what I say. Always. I know my mother feels bad.

But I can't have any kind of relationship with her. It always degrades
into hurtful, hateful words on both sides. We do it to each other, and
she needs to stay far away from my life. She needs to not care, to not
worry, to not think about what I'm doing with my life. It hurts both of
us.

I can't be criticized for things I don't believe in or controlled by
views I don't hold. I don't care about living biblically. I care about
living as a good person by what I understand is good. I don't steal. I
don't drink all the time. I don't do drugs. I work hard and make the
most of the time I get with my family. Asking any differently of me is
asking too much.

Of course I feel terrible for things I write or say with much venom. But
I won't erase them. I don't try to pretend like they were never said.
They were said and the reason doesn't matter. All we can do is move
forward however we need to move forward.
