---
comments: true
date: "2014-04-13T20:08:00Z"
tags:
- random
title: Passage
---

Time heals all wounds. This is a truth that will always be true. It's
not a simple truth. It has many facets. Something people seem to forget
is that even if time has healed a wound, falling on the same knife still
hurts and re-injures. Time doesn't make you impervious to the injury
healed. Injuries don't always heal exactly as they once were.

I still don't know where I stand in life. I suppose I'm expected to know
or I will be in the near future, but right now all I know is the day to
day struggle that I've managed since birth.

Some days I feel like weighing in on large world events like
"heartbleed" or social issues like corruption. Most days I'd rather just
sit quietly and watch everyone else do that for me. Plenty of people can
make excellent points all day long, but those voices are always drown
out by a retarded majority. The majority of people in the world are much
happier not making poignant observations on the critical state of the
world. Most folks would much rather watch football and drink beer
without thinking for half a second about Ukraine. I'm joining the ranks
of most folks. I'm joining them because I no longer care about that
which I cannot impact. If I were much younger I'd radicalize. If I were
unattached I would join the rebels.

I'm not unattached. I have people I love and who love me. People who
depend on me to not get myself killed or drag them into causes, no
matter what's at stake.

I can't be bothered to care about what you've martyred yourself over. I
can't even give proper attention to people who actively try to sabotage
my life in person. The negativity just can't be tended to. I have too
much I'm working on and too much to do in a day to worry about the
external events.

I suppose this is just a little diatribe against life. I sulkingly have
to withdraw myself from that which I'm compelled to tilt my lance
toward. I have to retreat rather than gallop forth. I suppose I'll
continue to write, even as topics of interest dwindle. I'll always have
writing as a mechanism of coping with stress in life. Even if I don't
have time to devote to hobbies, I'll always be able to squeeze a moment
in to write. Writing only takes ten minutes a day, compared to many
hours to learn some new software convention or platform.

Things will get easier over time. They always do. Time heals all wounds.
