---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2014-03-31T22:14:00Z"
tags:
- done
title: Done
---

I'm just throwing out finality. I need closure. So, for closure, I'm
going to write this.

I'm done. I don't need people to judge me and the way I live. I don't
need criticism. I don't need bullshit about what I do, say, or things I
think or feel. If you have an opinion- great. Keep it to yourself. I'm
not a hoarder. I don't keep every opinion everyone has ever had of me.
They're about as useful as assholes. Everyone has one, I don't need to
see it.

What's more, if you don't have anything positive to contribute you
aren't actually contributing. Just shut up. Don't say anything. You're
just trying to destroy what little good I can manage to scrape up for
myself. I'll never understand how my family is so pompous and stuck up
that they think they can throw their two cents in about everything and
anything at any given moment. It's completely asinine. I don't care how
you feel about my life. It's my life, not yours. I'm living my life as I
choose. If you are displeased, you can kindly go fuck yourself several
times over. That, or just kill me and resume living my life in my stead.
Either way, I don't care anymore, I'm simply done.

It's ironic, too. My mother was always the first one in my family to
throw out trash about the family. She was always the first to throw
stones. Any time someone was smoking crack, catching sexually
transmitted diseases, drinking while pregnant, or pregnant before 16- it
was my mother who was telling me and talking about how horrible that
family member was. Then she would hug and kiss that family member as
though she had nothing bad to say about them. What a horrible
backstabber. I never understood that. If you have something awful to say
about someone, say it to their face. My mother was always a coward. She
always said things behind family's backs. Never to their faces. I use
her as an example of how not to live.

There. I guess that's my rant for the week. Take it as you will. I'm
done.
