---
comments: true
date: "2014-03-08T20:09:00Z"
tags:
- reality
- truth
- honest
title: Truth and Honesty
---

Five missed calls from my grandmother. Five. Someone must have died. No
one ever has anything that urgent to call me about unless something at
my employer broke and I need to drive in to fix it.

I return her call and I'm asked if I did my taxes yet. Of course. I've
bought a good many things I've needed. It's been a rough year. We've
even spoiled ourselves for going without for so long. We have deserved
it, having struggled through. Unlike my snake of an ex who has her rent
paid in full with child support. I've had to put blood, sweat, and tears
into everything I've earned. No free rides. I pay my dues, even if it's
just shoe money for a section 8 recipient.

No, no one has died. Jewelry she inherited from her mother has gone
missing. She did a very boneheaded thing- she apparently told me she put
it in some towels in her linen closet. Even if no one stole it, which
she's implying I've done over the phone, she very likely lost it without
any help from outside sources. Then she asks where my girlfriend's new
tattoo came from. Again, my son gained me an appreciable tax return, and
his mother celebrated her bond with her son by getting a cute tattoo of
two elephants. They sit and make elephant noises back and forth every
day. It's adorable. She's criticizing me now about how I've struggled
and putting the money to better use.

I'm awe-struck. I've never stolen a physical object in all my life. I am
an honest person. She knows this. I should say, she knew this.

I'm tired of the bullshit religious rhetoric. If you need the promise of
some heaven, hell, or afterlife to be a good person- you don't deserve
anything. Being a good person without religion is far more respectable,
and my girlfriend and I are respectable.

She wants her jewelry back, she wants to know what happened to it. If
anyone stole it, it would've been a family member to get an abortion for
their obviously judgement impaired daughter. It would've been my own
lying snake in the grass mother, to tell my grandmother that I probably
stole it.

By this point, I might as well not have any family. All they've done is
prepare me for exposure to the world, they've given me examples of what
really horrible people are like by being the most horrible people I've
ever known.

I hope my grandmother gets her jewelry back, but I don't want any
apologies when she does. I don't want anything anymore from anyone. I'm
beyond done with the liars, the hatred, the religious garbage, and undue
stress. My mother is a horrible human being who smokes like a freight
train and "lived in sin" with another man for over a decade, but she
uses religious garbage to manipulate my grandmother into hating my
girlfriend. My mother is a toothless, white trash, horrible waste of a
human being who has no diploma and has held two jobs in her entire
lifetime- despite not being able to afford to heat her home in winter or
cool it in summer.

Thanks for the room, mom. It wreaked of rabbit piss and the boards
beneath the tattered carpet gave me splinters. I couldn't even spend
adequate time with my daughter because I worked midnights and the house
was a hundred plus degrees during the day. But yeah, screw you, mom. You
judgemental asshole.

And granny, I'm sorry, I love you but this is bullshit. You know it.
Enjoy your toothless wretch of a daughter, I hope she's worth it.

***EDIT:*** _My position regarding my innocence is established here and
will not change from this point on. When I am hurt, especially when I am
deeply hurt, I respond with severe anger. It's who I am. It's the only
way I've ever dealt with being hurt. But I do not steal. I have never
stolen. That is true now and always will be true. I will copy, I will
share, but I will never steal. It's the core of who I am._

_Everyone can kiss my ass. If anyone thinks for a second they can call
me and complain about this blog post, please see previous sentence._
