---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-05-25T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- memorial day
title: Happy Memorial Day
---

Happy Memorial Day. Now that's out of the way, I'm going to ramble and
rant about atheism.

I killed your god. I killed every single deity you could ever believe
in. More than that, I truthfully am not the original cause of death of
your deity. Myself, along with everyone who has ever been a reasonable
and rational human being has had stake in destroying your spiritual
beings.

I had read recently on Salon that there are Christians in the world who
don't believe the biblical story of Noah is factual, along with a host
of other traditional stories, and relegate almost all of those "events"
to basically being metaphors. Those same individuals don't necessarily
take the bible at face value as being a text of history, but entirely of
religion. They're the ones Salon claims "should not be discounted" with
the rest of Christianity. I disagree. I don't see anything written
thousands of years ago by dehydrated nomads as having relevance to
modern life. God is easily disproven. More than that, why should the
burden of proof rest on the atheist when it comes to spirituality?
That's exactly like saying "Unicorns exist. Prove me wrong." That isn't
logic. That's fallacy, and that's all Christians have. Fallacy is their
bread and butter.

Fuck fallacy. Fuck your comfort. Fuck everything you can't accept about
death, because death is real- and it's nothing more than a void. If that
makes you uncomfortable, you're a cunt. End of story. I'll raze the
world in bloody savagery before I ever let some spiritual douchebag tell
me how to conduct myself.

Truthfully, I hate most Christians. I hate everything about them. I hate
how they conduct themselves in hypocritical ways. I hate their skewed
and ridiculous world views. I hate their Republican geopolitical
opinions. I hate everything about them. All Republicans are cunts. End
of story. They're all wastes of flesh, deserving of slow death via
starvation or torture. If you're a Republican, you deserve to hemorrhage
to death from anal rape in a prison shower. Being a Democrat is a crime
itself, but nowhere near as heinous as the crime of being Republican.

There are too many computer enthusiasts who shout "SUPPORT OUR TROOPS"
and claim belief in Jesus. It seems like Infosec is divided into two
camps; the Republicans and the trannies. Jennifer Emick is a classic
Republican. She doesn't even realize her own political affiliation,
which ought to clue you in to how deficient she is. 

It's probably good that I do go into politics. I'd honestly open death
camps for Republicans. Anyone with political views that could be
construed as pro-life, against social programs, or promoting "bible
law", would earn you a one way trip to "Dickenau".

Keep your fucked up, retarded, useless bible bullshit out of my
government.
