---
categories:
- rant
published: false
comments: true
date: "2015-03-31T19:16:00Z"
tags:
- rant
title: Four Years Ago
---

Four years ago my divorce was finalized. In that same span of time I
made a depressing discovery- The realization that there are people in
this world, sometimes quite a few of them, who can't respect you and
enjoy your company at the same time.

I spent a long time abandoned by every friend and family member I had,
save for a single person. I have not always made the most reasonable
decisions. I still don't. I never will. I'll choose to be myself. Only
now, I'll also take example from an amazing and inspiring person in my
life. When I find someone has so much to protest about how I live my
life, I'll promptly tell that person I'm going to live how I'm going to
live and if they're staunchly opposed they can fuck off post haste.

It took me a long time to reach this point in my life. It took an
incredibly inspiring person to show me that I don't have to be afraid to
be myself.

At one point I found myself rejected by my mother, which I suppose isn't
as uncommon as one would think. I've heard many stories of divorced men
saying their mothers took sides with their exes. The difference between
my situation and theirs is that my mother is not a sane or rational
human being. She's far less mentally healthy than I. I'm not bragging.
I'm bad off. I have anxiety to an inordinately high degree. I can be
incredibly bipolar, having extreme highs and lows. Yet my mother is
still mentally less healthy than I. 

Her anger problems are some of the worst I've seen. She can turn ugly at
the drop of a hat and over the most minute issues. Screaming - replete
with saliva being heretofore flung into your eyes - and clawing,
pushing, with heavy panting in between fervent outbursts; She is just as
in need of psychotherapy as myself, or anyone else.

I can't associate with her anymore, and it's not even what she's done.
It's not what I've done. The reason I can never have anything to do with
my mother again is nothing that has been done, but what hasn't been done
yet. I forgive her, a thousand times I forgive her and hope she forgives
me. But I can never let her have any place in my heart again. Her anger
is too great. It's too insurmountable, and she's too proud to ever do
anything about it. She'll never write or talk or cope, she has no way to
cope with what she feels inside. When she comes up against a situation
that's unpleasant she finds all her emotion spewing forth
uncontrollably. It always ends badly. 

I can't have anything to do with what she might do one day. I can't have
anything to do with the people who so blatantly stabbed me in the back,
either. What was done once can be done again. Whether it actually
happens again or not isn't even important. It's that memory, etched
forever in my skull, that sordid reminder that I can't trust those who
don't deserve trust. Who can never earn trust again.

I have no associations from what was once the life I lived. I don't mind
it, really, but sometimes I need to talk about it. Sometimes I need to
revisit the past so that I don't recreate the past. I have to analyze
and understand. I never do it obsessively, because the past is just the
past. I have an amazing person holding my hand as I walk into the
future. Someone that has helped me through some of the most difficult
times of my life. I truly hope everyone that used to be in my life is
able to live happily and forgive, forget, move on. It's the only power
we really have over our own lives.
