---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-01-28T22:42:00Z"
tags:
- alcohol
- rant
- garbage
title: Drunk Blogging
_build:
 render: false
 list: false
---

_**WARNING:** The following text is totally irrelevant to anything and
everything. I just need to vent with typing shit._

One of the cool things about having your own blog is that you can get
kinda tipsy and write whatever the fuck you want to write. This is an
awesome outlet for whatever typically can't be vented.

I work hard. I do my job. I'm smart and flexible. I can tackle damn near
any task that's given to me. But, seriously? Buying a fucking
flashlight? Give me a goddamned break. I'm not saying I'm above
anything, but if anything is mismatched- it's tasking me with purchasing
a fucking flashlight. I am not an interior designer. I'm not an expert
on lighting. I'm not a photographer. I overthink things. I consider all
and every aspect about whatever task is put in front of me. So of course
I'm going to spend a long time thinking about the best fucking
flashlight I can find that will fit the needs put forth.

It just feels like a waste. It feels like the classes I've been sent to
are for jack shit. So I'm not working this weekend. Fuck it. I have way
too much on my plate, but I'm not going to take days I should have to
myself to keep pace. They can figure something else out, because
extending myself beyond my capacity is not going to happen for a while.
I need a break from my job. I need a breather from the suffocating
entity that pays me.

Jesus.

I can comprehend the goals behind the latest Geometric Design &
Tolerancing schema. I can apply GD&T to great effect. I can design
solutions to metrology problems. I'm a valuable contributor to any
manufacturing corporation. I have more to offer than what fucking
flashlight to buy. Jesus Christ.

No, I don't believe I'm above any task given to me by my boss. It's just
a waste when I've already been given five immediate problems to solve.
Suddenly buying a fucking flashlight is "mission-critical". God. You'd
think shipping garbage parts would be solved at the people who make
them, but no. I'm supposed to magically turn people into "not retards"
with a fucking flashlight.

I'm more than capable in programming inspection routines with Zeiss'
Calypso. I can program Hexagon's PC-DMIS. I'm familiar with CNC
manufacture. Yet I'm a flashlight errand boy.

I spent two days finding "adequate" lighting, by the way. I took my
proposals to my boss multiple times in the last two days. I was
seriously shot down all the way until 2:15pm today.

Yes, I'm bitter. That's retarded. That's beyond retarded. I have a
stupid retarded gage to inspect that was recently made, that's going to
be a headache for me to months to come. I have to figure out how to make
this stupid fucking gage send measurement data to a CNC lathe
workcenter. I have bigger fish to fry than a flashlight.

Alright, I get it, you get it. I'm done venting. This post was a really
long bitch session. Yeah. Oh well. Get over it.

Man, I'm not even nearly well paid enough for this bullshit.

**P.S. I love my Amanda most.**
