---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-04-25T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- rant
title: Unpurposed
---

I need to get back into computers. My hobby has pretty much gone almost
entirely to the wayside. It pretty much has had to. Between work,
family, and prior obligations- it hasn't been easy to maintain a
baseline working knowledge in software. I've managed, because luckily
things haven't changed drastically. The same can't be said ten years
from now, though. It's important to keep up, so that when the lagging
business world finally adopts what's new, I won't be left in the dust.

It strikes me as strange that IRC is still the status quo for
communicating on the Internet. At least, for the non-NORPs. XMPP is
slowly edging somewhat into the market share, but not heavily. Business
seems to have been quicker to adopt XMPP than the casual end-user. I'm
not entirely sure why. AOL Instant Messenger may have been the first
widely used "Instant Messenger", but it has been far from the best since
the early days of messaging.

I dunno, I'm trying to state something cohesive, here. It doesn't seem
to be forming all that well. I'm the guy who grabbed a lump of clay and
assumed it would be easy to spin that lump into a fine vase, only to
watch the clay flop into the most unusable turd imaginable. I suppose
that's part of the problem. I think I'm starting with the worst heap of
dung I could and simply shrug when trying to work with it.

That's pretty much all I can do at the moment; take the short momentary
bursts I'm allowed and do the best I can with them.

All I know is, I need to stop rambling on with filler material and
actually write something with purpose.
