---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-03-30T22:12:00Z"
tags:
- insights
- rant
title: Insights
---

One of these days I'm going to get around to writing something topical.
Something insightful. Something that can assist a person who's googling
fervently for an answer to a complex situation or question. One of these
days.

Today is not one of those days. Today is just another useless rant about
absolutely nothing at all.

Why? I dunno. It seems like any time I have something insightful to
write, I don't have time to write it. Once the urge has passed, so too
has my time to write about whatever the hell had occurred to me prior.
It's an ugly cycle of "non-writing" that's pretty much relegating this
blog to "livejournal" status.

Well. Let's tally what all I have to contribute to the wealth of human
knowledge to date.

- CMM Programming Experience
- PC-DMIS Specific Knowledge
- Calypso Specific Knowledge
- GD&T Knowledge
- Tolerance, fit, function, and how they all tie together
- LVDT Implementation, including trigonometry functions, formulas, etc.
- Gaging knowledge
- AutoCAD

To be honest, this list is by no means comprehensive. It's a tiny
fraction of the shit I encounter (and conquer) on a daily basis. I'm
always looking to broaden my horizons.

I don't know. If anyone has any requests on technical information they
might like to see, go ahead and request it. I can't really think of
anything incredibly helpful off hand that I haven't been able to solve
with google, save for a few special cases.

Speaking of which, I do have something gnawing at the back of my skull
that I'd really like to have answered.

I've discovered that there's a relationship between exsecant and
diameter of a circle, and I'd like to know what governs that
relationship. If anyone out there in internet land can point out to me
why I'm able to solve this problem (in other words, why my solution
works), please help a brother out.

On a more personal note; I'm going to change the tone of this entry.

My son turned two today. He's officially entering "toddler" territory.
He's picking words up super quickly. He's so very loving, and so very
smart. Sure, he's a bully sometimes, and he's not perfect, but he's my
son. He's my little man. I'm incredibly proud of him. I'll have to post
a picture of my little booger pretty soon. He got his first haircut, and
he looks like someone else's tiny human. I'm used to a miniature
fluff-head. My little fluff-head has disappeared, giving way to a tiny
man.
