---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-01-09T19:28:00Z"
tags:
- rant
title: IDK
---

I guess this is just a blog post to write a blog post. It's pretty nice
to be able to write whatever the hell I want, have it available
publicly, and yadda yadda.

I've been climbing ladders at work. It seems I'm valued (so far) by my
employer. I guess I deliver on more than just promises, I innovate. I
save money and increase revenue. I guess having me around is a huge
bonus for them.

The giant bonus for me is that I get a ton of experience. I get to spend
ten or twenty thousand dollars of someone else's money and learn from
the investment. It's kinda crazy. I've never had opportunity like this
before. I'm not going to let it go to waste. I'm going to ensure my
future and my children's future with my current successes.

On the flip side, I also want to play as hard as I work. I want to get
my FreeBSD bitch back up and running and learn Ruby on Rails. I want to
rig up a fileserver with Ruby on Rails and a MongoDB back end. I also
want to make the MongoDB back end a sharded cluster. I would really like
to add four mini-ITX systems and make the MongoDB sharded cluster out of
those. It seems like a better alternative to RAID.

Of course, these are just wine-fueled dreams. God only knows what I'll
really have time to do. Right now I'm busy figuring out how to automate
CNC machining so that offsetting is done without operator intervention.
Who knows what I'll be doing after that. They're talking about making a
robotic cell based on that premise. Anything is possible, I guess.

Well. I suppose that'll be all I get to do in the way of rants.

Expect to see less of me after the next few weeks. It's just going to be
me and the Panda-nator doing our "In-real-life" gig together until she's
out of class for the semester.

Peace, bitches. I'm gonna go give her pelvic affections with ma mouf.
