---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2015-05-25T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- bored
title: Begone, ye Bastards!
---

I'm writing this because I'm bored. I'm downloading old humble bundle games
via a not-so-quick WOW cable connection being borrowed. It's a relaxing day.
I'm not regretting being bored at all. It's kind of nice to feel unplugged in
some ways, yet still plugged in other ways.

I'm ready to pass out. I feel physically exhausted for seemingly no reason at
all. It's almost as though carbon monoxide is seeping into the atmosphere and
replacing slowly oxygen and carbon dioxide as the typically bonded gases in my
hemoglobin. I just feel energy escaping my body without the typical
expenditure you would expect.

I'm in a mood to just bang out useless rant after rant like this is
livejournal. Not sure why this desire is so strong today, this week, maybe
even this month. I don't know. It's odd. I feel like shitting violently into
the ether and not giving a damn whether it'll contribute anything or be well
recieved. I suppose I've contributed a few worthwhile posts in the last six
months, but by no means the amount I'd really like to be throwing out. On the
contrary, I've been tied up in a million other more important things than
expelling words into the void.

My Chromebook is growing on me. The battery life is amazing. The software is
inflexible and very limiting, but it gets better every month with different
decisions made by Google and content developers. I'm slowly finding tweaks,
cheats, workarounds in dealing with life in Chrome-land. I think I'm very
happy with it, especially given the budget price point and hands-free software
maintainance.

In any case, I think I'll let this go-nowhere post come to a close.

I have five days off from work and I'm losing my mind with happiness, spending
time with my family and tending to my sanity with all my hobbies.