---
comments: true
date: "2016-04-07T00:00:00Z"
tags:
- Fuck you
title: Response
---

I've been getting a number of complaints lately about my Open Source
Intelligence gathering so I figured I would address everyone's
concerns with this single blog update.

Fuck you.

You democrat pieces of shit did nothing to prevent the Patriot Act.
You've done nothing to hinder the NSA's domestic spying programs.
You've even called Ed Snowden and Chelsea Manning "terrorists".

So I'm going to give you a taste of your own medicine. Every piece of
shit halfwit "semi-Republican" I see who seriously doesn't think
Hillary is a bad person can live with the fact that I'm watching all
their interactions with others on social media. I'm tracking you by
your ID number in case you decide to change your username. I'm
watching every geolocation tagged tweet, every reference to your daily
lives, I'm going to scrutinize everything you do. I'll create
histograms to display the hours you're most active. Are you an
insomniac? Are you collecting disability? Are you tweeting all day at
work? I'll know more about you than you ever wanted anyone to know.

Also, it genuinely has nothing to do with Hillary Clinton herself. It
has everything to do with you. You are what's wrong with society. You
are the thing helping to hold true progressives back. You are what
need be destroyed. You are why the independents like myself are taking
over.

You have been warned.

_**EDIT:**_ I can't help but laugh about the comedy coming from you
asshats. No, I'm not looking for the typical tragic moron who could
just as easily support Trump. I'm looking for the jackasses like
[@allanbrauer](https://twitter.com/allanbrauer) who are pretty much
paid to shit propaganda into the internet. You can follow links to his
blog pretty easily and uncover his ties to Hillary's wallet. I'm
trying to ferret out the cockroaches who don't wear their source of
income like a badge of honor. 

It also might be important to note that law enforcement doesn't take
kindly to idiots wasting their time, and digging for credible threats
where there are none will surely anger them. No, folks, I'm not making
real threats to physical safety. You're idiots, yes, but I don't give
a fuck what you do. As I said, I'm looking for the cockroaches hiding
their associations with the Clinton campaign. 
