---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2020-04-15T10:25:00Z"
published: true
tags:
- coronavirus
- rant
- quarantine
- frustration
title: Frustration
---

I can't even adequately describe my frustration right now. It's immense. It's
YUGE. I guess I'll try to describe exactly why it exists, and why I don't
foresee it improving at all in the next year or so.  

First and foremost, qurantine is tough. It's not the best thing I've ever
experienced, and a lot of "gamers" are making jokes about quarantine being
neutral buoyancy. I get it. Most game and computer enthusiasts stay indoors for
long stretches. If they leave, it's begrudgingly. I understand the stereotype. I
spent a while proving it to be true. There's just some radical exception to that
rule when you're told that you can't leave. Suddenly the desire for something
previously undesirable grows exponentially.  

Layering on top of this the present "social distancing" restrictions, we have
lunatics on the political right making everything worse. They're spreading the
usual retarded garbage with even greater fervor. It's irritating because they're
the reason we're in this situation. They're the ones that wanted a smaller
federal government that's wholly incapable of doing things a federal government
is supposed to do. This is proof that everything they hold dear is just
bullshit. So that's strike two.  

When you post facts on the internet, would a Republican absorb them if their
eyes accidentally stumbled in their direction? The answer is; Fucking of course
not. Facts, wisdom, science; These are all the antithesis of the "working class
Republican". The truth is that "the working class Republican" is little more
than an inbred hillbilly trope, because he's not supporting himself or values he
actually holds, he's swallowing propaganda that was fed to him by wealthy
corporate stooges who have clear incentive to make their policies popular.
That's right, working class Republicans are mentally deficient. They vote
against their own self interest year after year, believing they're "doing their
part" in fulfilling the American Dream. Which, they are, just not their own
dream. They're fulfilling the dreams of the wealthiest people who inherited
their wealth, who will be secure in passing their wealth to their offsrping.
Generation after generation of trust-fund children. That's who the "working
class Republican" is truly voting for. And they're too stupid to see it, which
makes them all the more valuable to the malevolent "Republican Party
Orchaestrators".  

Do I exempt Democrats from my seething opinions? Of course not. They're largely
structured similarly to the Republicans, except instead of promoting "cunty
bullshit" like "Hate thy neighbor" or "Fuck your kid's lives I want my
automatic"; The Democrats push social change in exchange for doggedly promoting
the current immense gap between the haves and the have-nots. The Republicans, as I
mentioned earlier, are also assholes like this. The difference is that they want
all the gays to go away and "stop rubbing it in people's faces", they want women
to get the fuck back in the kitchen, they want Mexicans to die in a fire, they
want a return to 1950's "moral tradition". Because, deep down, they're garbage
human beings. You can call that a harsh indictment if you'd like to, but I bet
you'd be hard pressed to disagree whether it's accurate or not.  

With the quarantine, I'm forced to observe all of this in real-time on Facebook.  

Cue misanthropy.  
