---
title: "😂"
date: 2020-10-16T11:34:16-04:00
comments: yes
categories:
- rant
tags:
- rant
- utf-8 test
---

Figured I'd test out Hugo's ability to handle `utf-8` just for shits and giggles. I'm also giving WSL 2.0 a spin, checking out the subtle nuances between 1.0 and current. Not sure I've really noticed any difference yet, but maybe I'll see them once I install packages. Not really sure. I looked briefly at the version comparison chart, but I don't really remember the highlights. I just remember that overall, WSL 2.0 seemed to be a no-brainer. 

Today has been such a long day. I literally cannot wait for the weekend. I get to cuddle my woman, spend time with my progeny, and am wholly unattached from work things. Weekends are almost always a win-win for me. I haven't steadily worked weekends in over four years. Call me spoiled, but I feel like everyone should have a predictable schedule of consecutive time off every week. The 'shifting requirements of coverage' is honestly bullshit no matter how you slice it. There are ways to organize workforces that if coverage is really an issue, you can structure it so that everyone but a small percentage of staff has a reliable and set schedule. If someone accepts a role on a contingent or float basis, they're accepting what that entails. I dunno, just my two cents and a gripe about our "always-on" economy. But I won't lie, I definitely appreciate having a job that adheres to the old world "nine to five" business hours.

Goddammit, ADD meds failed me again, rambling all over the place from Hugo testing to weekend plans. Oh well. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`

So I've been looking around and I can't seem to find any good resources on running Wireguard on Windows 10 from a user that isn't part of the Administrators group. I can't find shit. It's really bothering me, because I'd really like to add a machine to the fold with my patchwork Wireguard setup and it's presently not possible. It's kinda driving me crazy, if I'm being honest. The creator of Wireguard has kind of taken a snotty tone on this issue, too, which doesn't help. Don't get me wrong, I fucking love Wireguard, but the dude who created it is kind of a dick. He has all the rights in the world to be a dick, I get that. If he weren't 100% in control of Wireguard and just started patching in suggestions from others, Wireguard probably wouldn't be the total badass VPN software that it currently is. Still, this feels to me like a slight against corporate use. You can't use Wireguard if you're a corporate user, whether your IT department condones it or not. Let's be real, here; Even if you had permission to install and use Wireguard, the IT department isn't going to add your user to your built-in Administrators group no matter what.

Okay, I guess I'm done ranting. I probably won't post again until Disgaea 6 is released. I'll post a short blurb about why I either love it or hate it and then you'll never hear from me again, because new Disgaea.
