---
categories:
- rant
comments: true
date: "2020-02-29T11:19:00Z"
published: true
tags:
- rant
- politics
- opinion
- essay
title: The Wealthy Republican
---

The "Republican Message" as transmitted to the poor assholes who carry them
every election is very distorted. It has to be in order to make sense to the
intended recipients. But to anyone with a handful of braincells left, the
message is very easy to decipher. Take the whole second amendment gripe. "You
need a gun in order to defend yourself from a tyrannical government." That's the
official party rhetoric for the impoverished masses to consume. The truth is
that the wealthy party members want the right to shoot anyone who dare try and
remove their wealth, mostly taking aim at all of the poor, including Terry and
Nancy in the trailer park with their "Trump 2020" sign. Even if you're in a
middle class home and you're making a "decent living" for yourself, you're
not exempt from their ire.  

What about regulation? The official party rhetoric says "business can't thrive
with excess regulation", but we all know that's bullshit. The economy pulsed
beyond what we knew to be possible under Obama and Clinton, two supposedly
heavy-handed regulators. So what's the truth behind this rhetoric? It's aimed,
yet again, at Terry and Nancy and their lovely single-wide unit. The wealthy GOP
would rather not have to insure Terry in either of the two jobs he has to work
to keep his water running. It has nothing to do with "creating jobs", that's a
facade. You're a fucking sheep.  

How about separation of church and state? Why do the wealthy elite GOP members
care so much about it? Better questions may be; Who is profiting from weakening
separation of church and state? What's at stake? What are the social or economic
implications of attacking important legislation like the Johnson Amendment? It's
not hard to think your way through this one. Spirituality preys very hard on the
intellectually weak. It acts as a conduit for their vote, opinions, and money.
The church has complete control over all three of these things when it comes to
Terry and Nancy on 2021 Candy Lane. They have inconsistant real food, so they
rely on "spiritual food" to nourish them in the harder times. They still give to
their local church when they can. They vote how Pastor Rick tells them to, and
Pastor Rick was kind enough to bus them and the whole congregation to vote for
Trump in 2016. Pastor Rick also tells them how important it is to not "kill
babies", so of course Terry and Nancy have six kids they can't afford to
support, successfully perpetuating the GOP well into the future; eventually
creating a generation of impoverished and undereducated jackanapes themselves.
Well, the ones that don't die of fentanyl overdose or go to prison, anyways.  

And as for "the wealthy republican" and his "personal relationship with Jesus",
I promise you there isn't one. People with millions of dollars aren't going to
shun the hedonistic lifestyle set before them, they're going to fuck, fight,
inject, and chase adrenaline with wreckless abandon. They don't give a fuck
about your phony gods, they created your gods thousands of years ago to keep you
in line. It's worked this long, the con isn't going anywhere any time soon.  

So keep loving that amazing party of yours, it's fine. But know that you aren't
"the wealthy republican", even if you don't live in a trailer. You're Terry and
Nancy. Don't fucking kid yourself.  
