---
title: "Blerb"
date: 2021-02-23T22:10:36-05:00
draft: false
categories:
- rant
tags:
- rant
comments: yes
---

> I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.

Man, I really need to re-watch _**Blade Runner**_. What an awesome movie. I get that goddamn quote stuck in my head pretty frequently. It's a reminder that the time we're alotted is relatively short compared to the duration of existence of reality. 

I haven't done much of anything with this blog in a while. I suppose I should do something, but when I think back I remember a ton of "rant" posts where I talk about how I should do something more than rant, then I go on to rant about how I shouldn't rant, and then I post another rant in a month. It's ludicrous, really. I dunno. I think eventually I'll figure out some positive contribution I can slap up here to feel better about myself with, but that time is definitely **not now** and this post is definitely _not it_.

I feel like I should do something with git soon. Not sure why, I just feel like I should. It's pretty cool software in any case. Maybe I'll spin up my own gitlab. I dunno. I keep saying I'm going to do something semi-interesting and at the end of the day, I never do anything interesting. It makes me feel like a jackass, to be honest.

Well, here's another goddamn **ping** to slap up here and pretend like I'm not wasting bandwidth. Fml.
