---
title: "Putin Is a Coward"
date: 2022-05-31T17:12:03-04:00
draft: false
comments: true
categories:
- rant
tags:
- rant
---

I'm watching the documentary "Navalny" right now, and I have to admit that it's
wild to see what it's like to struggle against a dictator in a slavic nation.
The atmosphere in which Navalny has had to operate is one of desperation. Putin
has kept the Russian people "just sated enough" that they don't openly rebel in
the street, but then he brings charges against Navalny that are clearly just
trying to silence him. It's insane. It shows that Putin realizes that a true
democracy would chew him up and spit him out nearly immediately. It's weird to
see parallels drawn between Navalny and Trump. Trump himself, in his quest to
dominate the Republican sphere, has made himself an ally to white nationalists.
Navalny admits in his documentary that he can't afford to turn away an ally no
matter how "unpalatable" their views may be. Trump, on the other hand, has spent
most of his real estate career keeping black folks out of his tenements, so it's
not a stretch for him to rub elbows with racists. It's just a strange dynamic to
see unfold. I'm still trying to figure it all out.

I certainly am not a subject matter expert by any stretch of the imagination.
One thing is for sure, though, is that Putin has kept up his KGB bullshit and
continues to poison enemies with novichok, and for that; Vladimir Putin is the
biggest pussy in the universe. He's literally a giant vagina. Something tells me
he's about to get fucked, too. Good luck Putin, someone's probably gonna put a
bullet between your eyes soon, you coward piece of shit.
