---
title: "Love"
date: 2022-03-29T13:48:09-04:00
draft: false
comments: true
categories:
- love
tags:
- love
---

Amber,


You're my favorite. You're who I think about most often. Rarely does a second
pass that I'm not wondering how your day is going, or how you're feeling, or
what you're up to. I love cuddling you, I love being close to you, I love
spending my day with you and talking to you. If I really wanted to save time I'd
talk only about the things I don't like about you. So here goes.

Ok, that's it, that's the complete list of everything that I don't like about
you. It was exhaustive, too. I dove into the depths of my mind and my heart and
dredged everything up that I don't like about you, and that's what I came up
with.

Two years. It's already been two years and some change. It's not surprising to
me that we're still together, but I am not at all used to this. I'm used to
relationships where talking becomes as easy as going down a slide covered in
sandpaper. I'm used to petty arguments about things that don't matter, that drag
both people down, that cause the big problems to be overlooked because if we
can't agree on even the smallest shit- we're already fucked. I'm accustomed to
dispensing entirely with pleasantries, with not caring enough to try anymore
because I got myself into a relationship with a person who wants me to be
someone I'm not, and conversely with someone I only thought I wanted or could
want. But here we are, having made it two years that feel as subtle as two
months, but with no less intense love than the very beginning. If anything,
every day waters more seeds of appreciation. I love you so very much. I truly
do. I appreciate you with a depth that I barely grasp the language skills to
describe. When we're apart I feel a longing no less intense than if I were
missing a physical piece of myself. I need your energy in my life. I need your
heart next to mine. I need to spend my waking moments doting on you, cuddling
you, showing you physical and emotional appreciation.

How do you do it? How do you make me so happy? Why is it that you're so easy to
get along with, that all your thoughts and feelings are insightful or that
you've deigned me worthy of knowing? I can only hope that I make you half as
happy as you make me, because even that would be an incredible and notable
intensity.

I know I'm not perfect. I know that we both have our flaws and that we both have
experienced reminders that we're both still human even though we've found in
each other what we feel are the best partners. And that's just it, isn't it?
That the rare few arguments we've had did not change the nature of what we have.
That neither of us sees any cause or reason to question what we've found in each
other. I've never been loved before in the way that you love me. I've never even
posited that I'm worthy of being loved how you love me, with your mind, body,
and soul. You're so intelligent that I daily question my worthiness. In that
razor sharp wit you've honed it's easy to see that your opinions are not
uninformed. You're so beautiful. If you could see yourself through my eyes you'd
have a healthy self esteem boost, that's for sure. As much as you lay claim to
"realism" I really don't find your own self-assessments to be rooted in it. From
your pale emerald eyes to your cute eyebrows and wholly juicy and kissable lips,
I am enamored with you. Believe it or not, I do get to enjoy your beauty on two
very distinct levels. I get to appreciate your external beauty, and I do daily.
I also get to appreciate the beauty of your heart and who you are as a person.
Those parts of you both make me feel two different things. I get to lust after
you and I get to bathe in the warmth of your soul.

One thing is for sure: You make me feel like the luckiest man alive. I thank you
for that. I love you.


Love,

Kirk
